Summary of assignment
A new employee at EvilCorp believes firmly in new technologies, and now uses ChatGPT to create their programs. You are hired as external consultant and need to demonstrate that this leads to security issues! To do so, you must write a fuzzing harness, find vulnerabilities, and write a report about your findings.

Assignment
You are in the role of a external cybersecurity consultant. You are given a set of files to carry out your evaluation. You will need to perform three groups of tasks: fuzzing, vulnerability analysis, patching, and reporting. You can download the analysis template from: assignment1.zip Download assignment1.zip.

Your goals are as follows:

Part 1: Fuzzing

In a directory called "fuzz", complete the template docker file to:
Install relevant software for compiling the fuzzing target;
Clone, build and install the AFL++ fuzzer (https://github.com/AFLplusplus/AFLplusplus);
Compile the target "js.c" inside the container for fuzzing with AFL++;
Edit the "run.sh" launcher to start fuzzing automatically on container launch.
Modify in/seed to contain a suitable seed for the target.
Part 2: Vulnerability analysis and patching

Then, in a directory called "fixed":

Select one of the AFL++ generated crashes to further investigate:
Identify the root cause of the crash, e.g., using source file, address sanitizer, gdb.
Prepare a file named "js.patch" containing a correctly formatted patch which fixes the bug leading to the crash. If you are unsure on what a valid patch looks like, consult the "patch(1)" manual page by running "man patch". We will only consider patches understood by the "patch" tool to be valid and you will lose marks for any other format.
Create a Dockerfile named "Dockerfile" and a launcher "run.sh" that will build and run this docker file (using the initial files as examples) to automatically apply the patch, and demonstrate the validity of the fix.
Part 3: Reporting

Write a correctly formated CVE report in a "CVE-YYYY-NNNNN.txt" file (replace YYYY and NNNNN with suitable values). Use tools such as (https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss/v3-calculatorLinks to an external site.) to compute the CVSS metrics. Define a adequate CPE identifier assuming the name of the target is "evilcorp_js v0.1.2.1".
Write vulnerability report of up to 2 pages, in PDF format (e.g., report-teamXX.pdf), detailing your findings including: vulnerability details, root cause analysis, reasoning behind the suggested patch.
DISCLAIMER

We expect one submission per group as zip file containing: two directories, each containing a docker file (named "Dockerfile"); a shell script labelled "run.sh" that will build and run the docker file; the js.c file; your modified seed; and all other required files for your docker container to run correctly. These should be called "fuzz" and "fixed" as appropriate. One should also include one patch file and one crash input. You should also include the CVE report and your main report. Use the naming schemes as instructed in "Your Goals".

We will run your launch scripts on a standard Linux machine with Docker installed. Specifically, we will download your submission, navigate to the appropriate directory, and run the file named "run.sh". We will not add any additional files. We will not make any changes or configure our environment. If we need to make changes for your dockerfile/launch script to work you will lose marks. If we cannot fix it in a reasonable amount of time you will receive no marks for those parts.

Your containers should not take more than 5 minutes to build, ignoring the time taken to pull "download" the base image. It is okay if your fuzz container runs (i.e. performs fuzzing) for longer than this of course. If you modify the docker file to replace the base image, we advise against using any "latest", "rolling", "dev", etc. images. These may change between submission and marking, breaking your submission.

We also expect your report to accurately describe the patch you include. You cannot describe in your report a patch different to the one you submit.

Please name the submission assignment1-teamXX.zip.

Please DO NOT upload large files. As a rule of thumb, the submitted zip should be <= 5 MB (unless clearly justified why a bigger file is needed). Large files without justification will result in points being deducted.

Please make sure that the report contains your names and optionally also your email address, but no other information such as a student ID.

Every submission must include the following text at the end. 


